docs: user documentation for NFS (#315)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/README.md

# Cloud Manager Module

## What is Cloud Manager Module?

> Cloud Manager is a central component that manages access to additional Hyperscaler resources from the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Manager is a central component that manages access to additional hyperscaler resources from the 
```

> Kyma Runtime cluster. Its responsibility is to bring Hyperscaler products/resources onto the Kyma cluster 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma Runtime cluster. Its responsibility is to bring hyperscaler products/resources into the Kyma cluster 
```

in a secure way. Once Cloud Manager as a module is enabled in the Kyma cluster, Cloud Manager's features 

> will give you access to the respective products and resources of the Hyperscaler providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
give you access to the respective products and resources of the hyperscaler providers.
```

## Features

> Cloud Manager can provision following cloud resources in the underlying cloud provider subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Manager can provision the following cloud resources in the underlying cloud provider subscription:
```

> * NFS server that can be used as ReadWriteMany volume in the Kyma cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* NFS server that can be used as a ReadWriteMany (RWX) volume in the Kyma cluster
```

## Architecture
Kyma Cloud Manager Operator runs in the Kyma Control Plane and does remote reconciliation on Kyma clusters that

> have `cloud-manager` module enabled. It brings various Custom Resource Definitions each representing some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have the Cloud Manager module enabled. It brings various Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) each representing some
```

> specific cloud resource from the underlying cloud provider subscription. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a specific cloud resource from the underlying cloud provider subscription. 
```

## API / Custom Resources Definitions

### IpRange CR

> The `iprange.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) describes the VPC network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `iprange.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io` CRD describes the VPC network
```

> IP range that will be used for IP address allocation for cloud resources that require IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IP range used for IP address allocation for cloud resources that require an IP address.
```

> To learn more, read the [IpRange custom resource documentation](./resources/04-10-iprange.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, read the [IpRange Custom Resource](./resources/04-10-iprange.md) documentation.
```

### AwsNfsVolume CR

> The `awsnfsvolume.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) describes the AWS EFS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `awsnfsvolume.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io` CRD describes the AWS EFS
```

instance that can be used as RWX volume in the cluster.

> To learn more, read the [AwsNfsVolume custom resource documentation](./resources/04-20-10-aws-nfs-volume.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, read the [AwsNfsVolume Custom Resource](./resources/04-20-10-aws-nfs-volume.md) documentation.
```

### GcpNfsVolume CR

> The `gcpnfsvolume.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) describes the GCP Filestore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `gcpnfsvolume.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io` CRD describes the GCP Filestore
```

instance that can be used as RWX volume in the cluster.

> To learn more, read the [GcpNfsVolume custom resource documentation](./resources/04-30-10-gcp-nfs-volume.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, read the [GcpNfsVolume Custom Resource](./resources/04-30-10-gcp-nfs-volume.md)  documentation.
```
